<p>Angelina Wu has carved out her niche as one of the most reliable doubles specialists in junior badminton, transforming partnership chemistry into championship gold. With three titles under her belt—including back-to-back Girls' Doubles victories at the 2023 YONEX NorCal ORC and Midwest ORC during her U15 campaign, followed by a commanding GD U17 triumph at the 2025 ABC OLC—she's proven that consistency and court awareness translate into results. Her current U19 Girls' Doubles ranking of #51 with 13,570 points reflects her continued ascension in the competitive landscape.</p>

<p>The secret to Wu's success lies in her ability to forge lasting competitive partnerships that elevate both players' games. Her 25-match collaborations with both Justin Liaw in mixed doubles and Kriti Vasireddy in girls' doubles demonstrate remarkable synergy and trust on court. These partnerships have carried her to seven career finals across different age divisions, showcasing her versatility and adaptability with different playing styles. Even when the titles didn't come—like her runner-up finishes in mixed doubles at the 2023 YONEX Northwest ORC and 2024 ABC OLC—Wu's presence in championship matches speaks to her clutch performance under pressure.</p>

<p>Wu's tournament resume reads like a masterclass in steady improvement and big-stage experience. Her breakout 2023 Midwest ORC performance, where she posted a dominant 12-2 record while claiming the GD U15 title, announced her arrival as a force in national competition. That momentum carried into recent success at the 2025 YONEX U.S. Junior National Championships, where she compiled an impressive 11-6 record against the nation's elite junior talent. With 25 tournaments and a solid 55% career win rate (110-91), she's accumulated invaluable match experience that serves her well in pressure situations.</p>

<p>What sets Wu apart is her strategic evolution from promising junior to ranking fixture—her Girls' Doubles ranking has steadily climbed from #2 at U15 level in late 2023 to her current U19 position, while simultaneously competing across singles and mixed doubles divisions. Her mixed doubles ranking of #138 in U19 competition, paired with her singles ranking of #78, demonstrates the well-rounded skill set that makes her such a valuable doubles partner. As she continues to develop her all-court game, Wu represents the next generation of American badminton talent that combines technical precision with competitive intelligence.</p>