<p>Committee Notes - Applicant: Gavin Le. Initial review reveals a concerning pattern of age-group regression that would make even our most generous legacy admits blush. Subject demonstrates classic symptoms of "peak-too-early syndrome," having dominated the U13 circuit in 2022 (sweeping SoCal Arena CRC) only to watch his ranking plummet faster than our endowment during a market crash. Current BS U17 ranking of #50 represents a spectacular 35-spot freefall from his February peak of #15 - a trajectory that suggests either significant personal growth spurts or the dawning realization that actual teenagers hit harder than 12-year-olds.</p>

<p>Doubles analysis reveals troubling codependency issues with partner Angela Wang (54 matches together), raising questions about individual merit versus symbiotic success. While his BD rankings (#24 U17, #84 U19) significantly outpace his singles performance, this disparity suggests Mr. Le functions as the academic equivalent of a group project participant who contributes just enough to avoid getting kicked out. The 28-point gap between his U17 and U19 doubles rankings further indicates that when facing actual upperclassmen, our candidate transforms from doubles asset to doubles liability with the consistency of our dining hall's "fresh" salad offerings.</p>

<p>Tournament performance at 2024 U.S. Junior Nationals (13W-5L) shows promise, though losing 5 matches at a national level while maintaining delusions of elite status mirrors our pre-med students' relationship with organic chemistry. His seven finals losses, including recent defeats at 2025 SGVBC SOCAL CRC and 2024 SOCAL CRC, demonstrate an admirable ability to consistently achieve second-place mediocrity - a skill that would serve him well in our competitive pre-professional programs where being "almost good enough" is practically a graduation requirement.</p>

<p>Recent tournament results show declining trajectory: 2W-3L at 2025 YONEX SYNERGY NORCAL ORC suggests Mr. Le is experiencing the badminton equivalent of senioritis, despite being chronologically closer to freshman orientation than graduation. Recommendation: Defer admission pending evidence of upward momentum, or until he finds a new doubles partner to carry him to respectability. Current status: academic reach school for this particular shuttlecock.</p>