<p>★★½ out of ★★★★★ — "Selena Wei: The Mixed Doubles Chronicles" is a classic coming-of-age sports dramedy that knows exactly what it wants to be: a doubles specialist origin story. Director Wei (who also stars) has clearly studied the greats, crafting a performance that's equal parts strategic partnership thriller and singles tragedy. At just 15, she's already mastered the art of making mixed doubles look effortless while simultaneously making singles look like she's trapped in a horror film.</p>

<p>The film's strongest sequences revolve around Wei's undeniable chemistry with her rotating cast of male co-stars. Her breakout performance at the 2023 YONEX SoCal CRC alongside an unknown supporting actor was pure magic, but it's her sustained 31-match partnership with Michelle Yourong Zhang that provides the emotional backbone of this franchise. Together, they've created a doubles dynasty that would make even the most cynical badminton critic believe in true athletic love. Jacob Zhou (23 matches) and the rest of her supporting cast rotate through like a romantic comedy ensemble, each bringing their own flavor to Wei's mixed doubles masterpiece.</p>

<p>Unfortunately, the film stumbles whenever Wei attempts to go solo. Her singles performances feel like deleted scenes from a different, much sadder movie — particularly her heartbreaking loss in the GS U19 final at the 2025 ABC OLC, which plays out like a Shakespearean tragedy where the protagonist forgot their lines. The girl who can orchestrate court coverage like Scorsese directs crime scenes suddenly looks like she's starring in her first student film when there's no doubles partner to share the screen.</p>

<p>What saves "The Mixed Doubles Chronicles" from being a complete singles disaster is Wei's unwavering commitment to her craft. Her XD U17 #7 ranking isn't just a number — it's a testament to an artist who found her medium and refuses to compromise. Sure, she may never win an Oscar for singles, but sometimes the most memorable films are the ones that perfect a specific genre. Wei has created a doubles empire built on 151 wins and the tears of 80 defeated opponents, and frankly, that's better box office than most players her age can dream of.</p>