<p>Patient presents with chronic delusions of athletic grandeur, specifically in the sport of badminton. Aarav exhibits classic symptoms of what I'm tentatively diagnosing as "Persistent Optimism Disorder" - despite a career record of 11-26 across nine tournaments, he continues to show up with racquet in hand. His relationship with his doubles partner Anish Bhandary (likely a family member, which raises questions about consent in this therapeutic tennis... I mean, badminton arrangement) appears codependent, with the pair having shared 16 matches of what can only be described as "aggressive mediocrity."</p>

<p>The patient's tournament history reads like a masterclass in creative ways to lose. At the 2022 Junior National Championships, he managed a 2-4 record, which represents his personal best - a concerning baseline for measuring success. His 2023 season was particularly notable, featuring back-to-back tournaments where he achieved the rare "goose egg" - 0-3 at South ORC and 0-2 at YONEX NorCal ORC. I've advised him that consistency is important in sports, though this perhaps wasn't the type of consistency I meant.</p>

<p>Most troubling is his apparent addiction to YONEX-sponsored events, attending four separate tournaments bearing that name with diminishing returns each time. His 2024 YONEX SoCal ORC & SHONAI SELECTION EVENT performance (0-3) suggests he may be using tournament entry fees as an expensive form of self-harm. When I asked about his unranked status, he insisted it meant he was "off the charts" - technically true, though not in the aspirational sense he intended.</p>

<p>Prognosis remains guarded. While the patient shows admirable persistence in the face of overwhelming statistical evidence that badminton may not be his calling, his inability to recognize patterns in his performance suggests deeper issues. I've recommended he consider pickleball as a potential step-down sport, though given his track record, even the enlarged paddle might not provide sufficient assistance. Sessions will continue weekly, or until his parents stop paying tournament entry fees - whichever comes first.</p>