<p>ARCHAEOLOGICAL SURVEY REPORT - Site Designation: "The Chaudhary Crater" - Lead Excavator: Dr. Shuttleworth, Institute of Badminton Studies. Our team has uncovered a remarkable specimen of junior badminton futility, carbon-dated to approximately 2022-2024 CE. Initial surface surveys revealed scattered fragments of what appear to be tournament entry forms, buried beneath layers of accumulated losses and the fossilized remains of 30 defeats against only 11 victories.</p>

<p>Stratigraphic analysis reveals distinct geological periods in subject's career development. The deepest layer, designated "The Great Catastrophe of 2022," contains evidence of a devastating 1W-4L expedition to Junior National Championships, followed immediately by an even more brutal 2W-6L disaster at the Yonex Northeast ORC. Radiocarbon dating of court shoes from this period shows signs of excessive wear from prolonged retreating patterns. Of particular archaeological interest: multiple 0W-3L artifact clusters scattered across South Frisco ORC and South ORC sites, suggesting a migration pattern of consistent disappointment.</p>

<p>Our most significant find remains the "Miracle Horizon" of 2023 Midwest OLC, where subject inexplicably achieved a 6W-3L record - an anomaly so rare that our team initially suspected contamination from another player's results. Pottery shards from this period show evidence of brief confidence, quickly shattered by subsequent 0W performances. Partnership analysis reveals a fascinating nomadic pattern: subject rotated through doubles partners Charvi Srivastava, Ayaaz Muhammed Baig, Jonathan Wongso, and Vaibhav Reddy Kommareddy with the frequency of a shuttlecock changing direction, suggesting either diplomatic immunity or a communal desire to share the archaeological burden.</p>

<p>Most disturbing to our research team was the discovery of the "2024 Apocalypse Layer," containing pristine specimens of 0W-4L at U.S. Junior National Championships and 0W-3L at YONEX MIDWEST ORC. These artifacts, found in perfect preservation, indicate subject's remarkable consistency in achieving maximum tournament participation with minimum court impact. Current excavation status shows subject has mysteriously vanished from all ranking systems, leading our team to theorize he may have achieved the ultimate archaeological state: complete burial beneath the rubble of his own competitive ambitions.</p>