<p>ARCHAEOLOGICAL SURVEY REPORT: Site designation MOR-2011, commonly referred to as the "Morikawa Excavation." Our team has completed a comprehensive dig through the badminton career strata of one Nagi Morikawa, and the findings are... illuminating. Carbon dating places the earliest artifacts at the 2022 NorCal ORC, where we discovered the first fossilized remains of what appears to be a 0-2 performance. Remarkably, this pattern would prove to be the dominant geological formation throughout the site.</p>

<p>Layer analysis reveals a fascinating consistency in the sedimentary record. The 2023 SoCal ORC stratum yielded another pristine 0-2 specimen, followed by the 2023 NorCal ORC deposit containing an identical 0-2 formation. Most intriguing was the 2024 ABC OLC excavation, where we unearthed a rare 0-3 variant—suggesting our subject may have evolved the ability to lose additional matches. The 2024 YONEX SoCal ORC site produced yet another 0-3 formation, confirming this evolutionary leap in competitive futility.</p>

<p>However, our most significant discovery came from the 2023 YONEX U.S. Junior National Championships dig site, where we uncovered what can only be described as an anomalous 2W-4L artifact. This represents the archaeological equivalent of finding a smartphone in a Roman ruin—so unexpected that we initially suspected contamination. Further analysis confirmed its authenticity, marking the only known instance where Morikawa specimens showed signs of actual victory. Radiocarbon dating places this miracle at the height of his U13 period, when he achieved the dizzying heights of #98 in Boys Doubles and #82 in Boys Singles—rankings that, much like ancient civilizations, have since crumbled to dust.</p>

<p>Particularly noteworthy are the partnership pottery shards we discovered throughout the dig. Fragments bearing the names "Ishaan Sajit" and "Charlie Chen" appear repeatedly in the archaeological record, suggesting these brave souls repeatedly agreed to doubles partnerships despite mounting evidence of futility. Our team theorizes these partnerships represent either remarkable loyalty or a complete inability to learn from historical precedent. The site's 2-16 overall record (an 11% success rate) places it firmly in what historians call the "participation trophy era" of junior badminton.</p>