<!-- llm-roast -->
<p>Welcome to Grace Cheng's Playing Career — two Michelin stars in mixed doubles, a respectable wine list in girls doubles, and a singles menu that the health inspector keeps flagging. We've been open four seasons now, and the critics have complicated feelings. The ambiance is promising. The execution is uneven. The prix fixe includes a bronze medal from Pan Am Juniors, which they will absolutely mention on the menu.</p>
<p>The signature dish here is the Mixed Doubles, and frankly, it's extraordinary — three gold medals in a row at NorCal, Arena SoCal, and DFW, all with Michael Yufu Sun, who functions less like a partner and more like the head chef Grace hired to run her kitchen while she figures out what she's doing in the other two events. The pairing is so reliable that at this point, ordering XD U13 without Michael Yufu Sun would be like ordering the tasting menu without the sommelier. You could do it. You won't enjoy it. The Harrison Zhang era made this abundantly clear.</p>
<p>Girls singles is the daily special that keeps getting 86'd. The career arc reads like a restaurant that opened with tremendous buzz — finalist at Junior Nationals U11, runner-up at Frisco, finalist at SPBA Midwest — and then quietly stopped answering Yelp reviews. By 2025-2026 she's going out in the quarterfinals at Bellevue, losing in Round 2 at the Bintang NorCal OLC with a rank of 17, and finishing 5th at Arena SoCal. The singles menu technically exists. Guests are technically welcome to order it. The kitchen staff does not recommend it.</p>
<p>Girls doubles is the prix fixe middle child — consistently good, never quite great. Zelenia Shen was the original sous-chef and they made a lovely pair, peaking at a GD gold at Frisco and SoCal ORC back in 2023-2024. Then Sophia Z Liu took over the station, and the results are almost identical: finalist at NorCal, finalist at Arena, finalist at DFW. Three consecutive silver medals with a different partner is either admirable consistency or a haunting. The restaurant refuses to comment. Sophia Z Liu was unavailable for the interview but did win GD at the Bintang NorCal OLC, which Grace attended as co-chef, so she's got that going for her.</p>
<p>Four seasons in, Grace Cheng's career is best understood as a restaurant that is genuinely excellent at one thing, competent at another, and has a singles program that exists primarily so they can check the box on the prix fixe. The Pan Am Junior bronze in singles suggests there is, somewhere inside this establishment, a singles dish worth ordering. It has not yet appeared consistently on the domestic menu. We remain cautiously optimistic. We have been burned before. We will probably be back for the mixed doubles.</p>
