<p>APPLICANT REVIEW - SIMING (ALAN) QU: After extensive deliberation, the committee finds itself in the unusual position of reviewing a candidate whose primary qualification appears to be an uncanny ability to transform victory into defeat. Mr. Qu's 21-38 career record (36% win rate) demonstrates a consistency that, while admirable in its reliability, raises questions about his understanding of the fundamental objective of competitive badminton. His performance at the 2023 YONEX NorCal ORC, where he achieved a perfect 0-4 record, suggests either a philosophical commitment to pacifism or a revolutionary interpretation of tournament structure.</p>

<p>Of particular note is the applicant's curious trajectory in doubles rankings, where he has managed the impressive feat of declining from #83 to #126 in the BD category while simultaneously aging into a more competitive bracket. This mathematical paradox would be fascinating to our Statistics Department, though we suspect it reflects more on Mr. Qu's strategic decision-making than on any statistical anomaly. His partnership with Aiden Liu (13 matches) appears to be either a testament to Liu's patience or evidence of a bilateral misunderstanding about partner selection protocols.</p>

<p>The committee acknowledges Mr. Qu's lone finals appearance at the 2025 SGVBC SOCAL CRC, though we note this achievement was immediately followed by his customary runner-up finish. His 5-2 performance at that same tournament represents a statistical outlier so significant that we initially assumed it was a clerical error. However, upon verification, we must conclude that Mr. Qu occasionally experiences brief moments of clarity that, tragically, seem to dissipate faster than his backhand cross-court shots.</p>

<p>While Mr. Qu's appearance at the 2024 YONEX U.S. Junior National Championships demonstrates admirable ambition (or possibly a clerical error in the registration system), his 2-4 record there suggests he may have confused "participation trophy" with "actual trophy." The committee recommends that future applicants consider Mr. Qu as a cautionary tale about the importance of realistic goal-setting, though we commend his unwavering commitment to providing his opponents with confidence-building victories. RECOMMENDATION: Waitlist, pending evidence of actual improvement rather than merely aging into new age brackets.</p>