<p>Dear Dhairya, it's not me, it's... actually, no, it's definitely you. After two whole tournaments and a stunning 3-4 record, I've realized our relationship just isn't working out. Remember when we first met at the 2023 Midwest ORC? I thought, "Oh, a fresh face from 2009! This could be something special." Then you went 2-2, and I figured, "Hey, .500 isn't terrible for a debut." But then came 2024 MIDWEST CRC, where you somehow managed to go BACKWARDS and finish 1-2. Dhairya, sweetheart, most people improve with experience, not regress like a tennis player trying to learn my superior sport.</p>

<p>And can we talk about your doubles situation? Poor Olympia Yan and Justin Zhou both got stuck with you for two matches each – I'm honestly impressed they didn't fake injuries to avoid the second pairing. It's like you're collecting doubles partners the way some people collect participation trophies, except at least those people actually participate successfully. The fact that you're currently "unranked" isn't a clerical error, darling – it's the ranking system's way of being polite about your performances.</p>

<p>Look, I've seen 17-year-olds come and go, but usually they at least manage to WIN a tournament in their first two years. You've perfected the art of showing up, playing some matches, and leaving with exactly zero hardware. It's almost impressive how consistently mediocre you've been – like you've found the perfect mathematical formula for disappointing everyone involved, including the scorekeeper who has to write down your results.</p>

<p>I'm breaking up with you to pursue other relationships with players who understand concepts like "winning more than they lose" and "actually having a ranking." Don't worry though – I hear ping pong is always looking for new talent, and they're much more forgiving about things like "athletic ability" and "competitive success." Best of luck in all your future non-badminton endeavors! XOXO, Badminton (P.S. Please return my shuttlecocks, you're clearly not using them effectively anyway.)</p>