<p>The rain was coming down like Ruben Jing's shuttlecocks in the 2023 YONEX U.S. Junior National Championships—hard, fast, and straight into the net. I'd been hired to investigate what they called a "badminton career," but after three cigarettes and two cups of cold coffee, I was starting to think this was less a career and more a crime scene. The kid had a 2-8 record spread across three tournaments like evidence of a tragedy, and every match told the same story: hope walking into a dark alley and not walking back out.</p>

<p>The case files were thin, but the pattern was clear as the city smog. 2023 started with promise—or maybe just delusion—when young Jing rolled into the U.S. Junior Nationals like he owned the place. Four matches later, he was walking out with more losses than a casino regular and twice the shame. The Northwest ORC didn't treat him any kinder that same year, handing him another goose egg faster than you could say "love-all." But every detective knows that sometimes you gotta hit rock bottom before you can climb back up. Or in Jing's case, before you can win literally any matches at all.</p>

<p>Enter Gordon Guanxin Bu—or was it Gordon Bu? The records showed both names, and honestly, in this business, you learn not to ask too many questions about a man's doubles partner situation. Maybe it was the same guy with commitment issues, maybe it was two different Gordons, or maybe the scorekeeper was hitting the bottle harder than I was. Either way, this Gordon character stuck with our boy through thick and thin—mostly thin, mind you—logging five matches of what I can only describe as "character-building experiences."</p>

<p>But then 2024 rolled around like a dame with a secret, and something changed. The NORTHWEST CRC became Jing's personal redemption arc, where he finally managed to string together two wins against three losses. Sure, it wasn't exactly the stuff of legends, but in a career that had seen more disasters than a film noir marathon, those two victories shone like neon signs in a midnight rain. The kid went from completely winless to sporting a 20% career win rate—not exactly hall of fame material, but hey, in this racket, you take what you can get and call it progress.</p>