<p>Session #47 with Vincent H. - Patient continues to exhibit what I can only describe as "competitive delusion disorder" regarding his badminton career. When asked about his 1-8 tournament record, Vincent insisted this represents "building experience" rather than what any rational observer would classify as systematic destruction at the hands of actual badminton players. His most recent triumph at the 2025 ABC OLC (1W-1L) has unfortunately reinforced his belief that professional badminton remains a viable career path, despite evidence suggesting he should perhaps explore less racquet-intensive hobbies.</p>

<p>Patient demonstrates fascinating compartmentalization regarding his 2025 rankings of #118 in boys' doubles and #115 in boys' singles - achievements he references with the pride typically reserved for Olympic medals. When gently reminded that these rankings have since evaporated into the ether of "unranked" status, Vincent becomes notably defensive and begins discussing his "strategic partnership rotation" with players like Sven Feng and Arav Mestry. I've noted that each partnership lasted exactly one match, which Vincent frames as "maximizing learning opportunities" rather than what appears to be a series of players diplomatically declining further collaboration.</p>

<p>Most concerning is Vincent's persistent attendance at tournaments despite accumulating losses with the consistency of a Swiss timepiece. His 2024 campaign included back-to-back 0W-2L performances at both YONEX NORCAL and NORTHWEST ORCs, yet he speaks of these events with the nostalgic warmth others reserve for family vacations. The patient seems to view each tournament loss not as feedback about his skill level, but as data points in some elaborate long-term strategy that remains incomprehensible to trained professionals.</p>

<p>Breakthrough moment occurred when Vincent admitted that his current "unranked" status provides him with "unlimited upside potential." This represents either profound psychological resilience or a complete detachment from reality - further sessions needed to determine which. Recommended treatment includes reality-based goal setting, possibly starting with objectives like "win two matches in one tournament" or "maintain doubles partnership for more than sixty minutes." Patient remains optimistic about future prospects, which is either admirable or requires immediate intervention.</p>