<p>EXCAVATION REPORT - Site Classification: Junior Athletic Burial Ground. Following extensive fieldwork at coordinates 37.4419° N, 122.1430° W (approximate location of Bay Area badminton courts), our team has uncovered compelling evidence of a career that appears to have been systematically buried under layers of accumulated losses. Carbon dating of tournament brackets places the earliest artifacts at circa 2023, with the most recent specimens dating to the ongoing 2025-2026 competitive season.</p>

<p>Stratum Analysis reveals a fascinating geological phenomenon: despite three years of sedimentary deposits, Player Specimen "Allen Wu" has achieved remarkable consistency in mediocrity. The deepest layer contains artifacts from the 2023 YONEX NorCal ORC, where our subject managed a perfect 0-4 record—a pristine example of early career craftsmanship. Moving upward through time, we discover the crown jewel of this dig: fragments from the 2025 Dave Freeman Jr. SoCal OLC, where Wu achieved his career-high 5-3 record, likely through a rare atmospheric phenomenon scientists call "beginner's luck."</p>

<p>Of particular archaeological interest is the partnership pottery discovered throughout multiple layers, primarily co-created with one "Molly Wei" across 10 documented encounters. Laboratory analysis suggests this collaboration, while prolific, has produced results with the structural integrity of a house of cards in a windstorm. Secondary artifacts include fragments of partnerships with Matthew Yin, Daniel Li, and others—a veritable graveyard of doubles dreams that reads like a résumé of "it's not you, it's me" conversations.</p>

<p>The most remarkable find occurs in the uppermost stratum: dual specimens from the 2025 YONEX U.S. Junior National Championships, where Wu managed both a 1-2 showing in March and an absolutely spectacular 0-6 annihilation later in the season. This suggests our subject possesses the rare ability to time-travel backwards in skill development—a previously undocumented phenomenon in competitive badminton. Current ranking artifacts (BS U13 #109, BD U13 #97) indicate this archaeological site remains active, continuing to accumulate layers of educational experiences at an impressive rate of approximately 24% victory preservation.</p>