<p>The case file landed on my desk like a shuttlecock in a hurricane—messy, unpredictable, and heading straight down. Victoria Liu, they called her. Born 2015, which in badminton years makes her a rookie detective in a world full of seasoned criminals. Thirteen tournaments deep, and the evidence was damning: 17 wins against 52 losses, a success rate that would make even the most corrupt cop blush. In this city of courts and nets, she was the perpetual victim, always arriving at the scene just in time to watch someone else solve the case.</p>

<p>My investigation led me to her most frequent accomplice: one Lukas Ye, her partner in seventeen different crimes against competitive badminton. Together, they'd formed a duo more predictable than a crooked mayor's promises—consistently showing up, consistently disappointed, consistently booking their exit before the real action started. It was like watching two detectives who kept arriving at crime scenes after the criminals had already fled, fingerprinted the evidence, and filed their own police reports.</p>

<p>But every detective has that one case that haunts them, and for Liu, it was the 2024 MIDWEST CRC mixed doubles final. She'd actually made it to the big show, the courtroom where champions are crowned and dreams either soar or crash harder than a rookie cop's first patrol car. She lost, naturally, but for one shining moment, she'd been close enough to glory to smell its sweat-stained grip tape. It was the kind of near-miss that keeps you coming back to this thankless job, chasing that high like a caffeine-addicted detective chasing leads at 3 AM.</p>

<p>The evidence suggested a pattern of early exits more consistent than a corrupt judge's verdicts—0-3 here, 1-3 there, with the occasional 1-4 thrown in for variety. But then came 2025 EGRET MIDWEST OLC, where something clicked. 5 wins, 4 losses—her best showing yet, like finally cracking a case that had stumped the entire precinct. It was proof that somewhere beneath all those first-round exits, a real competitor was waiting to emerge from the shadows, ready to trade her junior detective badge for something with a little more authority.</p>