<p>Patient presents with chronic delusions of grandeur, insisting she's "still ranked" despite current status showing otherwise. During our session, Lilian became visibly agitated when discussing her 2023 season, particularly the South ORC and YONEX NorCal ORC tournaments where she managed a combined 2W-6L record. When I suggested this might indicate areas for improvement, she deflected by mentioning her "glory days" at the 2021 NorCal CRC. I gently reminded her that peaking as a 15-year-old is typically called "being a child prodigy," not "having glory days."</p>

<p>Significant codependency issues observed with doubles partner Wenlu She, with whom patient has played 21 matches. When asked about this relationship, Lilian exhibited classic enabling behaviors, stating "Wenlu just gets me" and "we have chemistry." I noted that their combined tournament results suggest this "chemistry" might be more accurately described as "mutual mediocrity." Patient became defensive when I pointed out she also partnered with Wenlu She [WC] for 3 additional matches, claiming these were "different tournaments." The inability to recognize this is the same person raises concerns about basic observational skills.</p>

<p>Patient demonstrates concerning attachment to past achievements, repeatedly referencing her 2022 Junior National Championships performance (9W-6L) as evidence of elite status. When confronted with her current unranked status, she exhibited classic denial patterns, blaming "politics" and "bad draws." I suggested that losing 6 matches at Junior Nationals might indicate she was appropriately seeded. She responded by insisting her 64-50 career record (56%) proves she's "basically winning more than half." I refrained from explaining that this is precisely what 56% means.</p>

<p>Most troubling is patient's apparent amnesia regarding her tournament partner Thomas Wang, with whom she played 9 matches. When asked about mixed doubles strategy, she claimed "I don't really remember playing with boys." This selective memory, combined with her insistence that Benjamin Dictado (5 matches) was "just filling in," suggests a pattern of minimizing collaborative failures. Recommended continued therapy focusing on accountability and perhaps basic mathematics, as patient seems genuinely surprised that 64 total wins across 12 tournaments averages to 5.3 wins per event.</p>