<p>ADMISSIONS COMMITTEE INTERNAL MEMO - APPLICANT: Talanki, Tejesh - SPORT: Badminton (allegedly). Committee members, please see attached performance data before we proceed with what I can only describe as the most optimistic athletic scholarship application in university history. Candidate boasts an impressive 4-25 career record, which translates to a 14% success rate that would make a weather forecaster blush with envy. His consistency is truly remarkable - whether facing the elite competition at the 2025 OBA NW OLC (0-7) or the grueling 2024 NORTHWEST CRC (1-7), Tejesh maintains his commitment to statistical excellence in defeat.</p>

<p>Of particular note is the applicant's apparent strategy of exhausting opponents through sheer volume of partnership changes. Our research indicates he has cycled through five different doubles partners in just six tournaments, including the long-suffering Sufiyaan SIDDIQUI Mohammed, who admirably stuck around for five matches before presumably requesting a transfer to a different sport entirely. The candidate's ability to maintain friendships despite dragging partners down to shared defeat speaks to a certain charismatic quality that could prove valuable in our debate team, should badminton not work out.</p>

<p>Current rankings place Mr. Talanki at a respectable #353 in Boys Singles U15, which sounds impressive until you realize there are apparently at least 352 other 15-year-olds who can hit a shuttlecock more consistently. His doubles ranking of #298 suggests that even with help, the laws of physics continue to conspire against him. However, we must acknowledge his admirable persistence in entering tournaments with names like "YONEX SYNERGY NORCAL ORC" - events that sound like they require advanced degrees in acronyms just to pronounce correctly.</p>

<p>RECOMMENDATION: While we typically reserve athletic scholarships for students who occasionally win matches, there's something to be said for a young man who can lose 25 out of 29 games and still show up to the next tournament. This level of optimism could prove invaluable during finals week. Suggest we offer him a position on the intramural badminton team, where the pressure is lower and the stakes are primarily bragging rights in the dormitory cafeteria.</p>