<p>Field Report: Excavation Site Wang-2007, Stratum Analysis of a Promising Junior Career. Our team has completed a comprehensive dig through the competitive layers of subject Alice Wang's badminton archaeology, and the findings are... well, they tell quite the story of civilizational decline. The surface stratum (2024-2025) reveals nothing but dust and the faintest traces of ranking points, suggesting a once-thriving empire that has mysteriously vanished from all official records. Current status: unranked, like a lost city swallowed by the desert sands.</p>

<p>Digging deeper into the 2023-2024 sedimentary layer, we discover fragments of what appears to be a "YONEX SoCal ORC & SHONAI SELECTION EVENT" expedition that yielded a disappointing 3-2 record and a girls singles final that she spectacularly failed to win. The archaeological evidence suggests this was the beginning of the end - our subject's ranking had peaked at a respectable GS U19 #3, but like all great empires, gravity eventually took hold. The 0-2 showing at the 2024 YONEX South ORC appears to be her civilization's equivalent of the Library of Alexandria burning down, except instead of losing knowledge, she lost... well, everything.</p>

<p>The most fascinating stratum lies in the 2021-2022 golden age deposits, where we uncover a treasure trove of titles that would make any museum curator weep with joy. Four championship artifacts were discovered here, including the crown jewel: an 11-2 record at the 2021 US Junior National Championships that suggests our subject was once an actual force of nature rather than a cautionary tale. Her partnership pottery shards with one "Mia Zhang" (30 matches worth of collaboration) indicate a thriving doubles civilization, though the mixed doubles finals losses to mysterious opponents suggest she had a tendency to choke when Jeffrey Chang was involved.</p>

<p>Perhaps most intriguingly, the deepest excavation layers reveal that Alice was dominating the U15 and U17 divisions like a badminton pharaoh, collecting titles with the confidence of someone who didn't yet know that U19 competition would humble her faster than a poorly-strung racket. The 68% career win rate carved into the ancient tablets suggests genuine talent, making her current archaeological invisibility all the more puzzling. Our working theory? She either discovered Netflix, got a boyfriend, or realized that ranking points don't pay for college tuition. Further excavation recommended to determine if signs of life still exist.</p>