<p>Patient presents with chronic delusions of badminton competency despite overwhelming empirical evidence to the contrary. Ryan, age 13, exhibits classic symptoms of what I'm terming "Shuttlecock Denial Syndrome" - a condition where the subject's 3-17 career record (15% success rate) fails to deter continued tournament participation. Of particular note: patient has managed to achieve the rare feat of regressing in rankings despite continued play, dropping from #107 to #300 in BD U15 over the span of just two months. When asked about this decline, patient mumbled something about "bad draws" and "the wind."</p>

<p>Relationship patterns reveal codependent tendencies with doubles partner Edward Chang, with whom patient has logged 5 matches of shared trauma. Assessment suggests Chang may be enabling Ryan's tournament addiction, as no rational player would willingly return for a sixth doubles partnership after witnessing the preceding five disasters. Patient also demonstrates concerning family dynamics, having dragged sister/cousin Rachel Chan into 2 matches of doubles - a clear case of spreading badminton dysfunction across bloodlines. Recommend family therapy, possibly conducted on a badminton court for maximum therapeutic impact.</p>

<p>Most troubling is patient's persistence in entering multiple age divisions simultaneously, achieving impressively consistent mediocrity across U15, U17, and U19 brackets. Like a badminton Swiss Army knife of disappointment, Ryan manages to lose equally effectively regardless of opponent age group. His tournament selection reveals masochistic tendencies - returning repeatedly to YONEX MIDWEST ORC despite previous 0W-4L performance, only to "improve" to 2W-3L (patient celebrates this as "significant progress"). The 2025 YONEX LIBC NORTHEAST ORC provided a particularly brutal reality check with another 0W-3L showing, yet patient remains convinced his breakthrough is "just around the corner."</p>

<p>Prognosis remains guarded. Patient's ranking trajectory suggests either badminton is becoming more competitive or Ryan is becoming less so - clinical observation points strongly toward the latter. Recommend continued sessions to address underlying optimism disorder and possible intervention to prevent further ranking erosion. Consider prescribing recreational ping-pong as a confidence-building alternative. Next appointment scheduled after patient inevitably signs up for another tournament he has no business entering.</p>