<p>Patient presents with chronic delusions of badminton competency despite overwhelming statistical evidence to the contrary. Subject Xiyan H. (17M) exhibits remarkable resilience in the face of a 1-17 career record, suggesting either profound optimism or complete dissociation from reality. During our session discussing his recent performance at the 2026 YONEX DFW BADMINTON SOUTH ORC (0W-2L), patient insisted this represented "progress" as he "lasted longer in the first set." Recommend continued observation of this fascinating case study in cognitive dissonance.</p>

<p>Patient's relationship patterns reveal concerning attachment issues, cycling through doubles partners with alarming frequency. Primary partnership with Leheng Xu (4 matches) appears to be his longest stable relationship, though even this bond was tested by their collective inability to secure victories. Brief dalliance with mixed doubles partner Tamara Valueva resulted in predictable disaster, contributing to his #670 XD U19 ranking—a number so low it suggests the BWF database may have experienced a technical malfunction. Patient shows signs of abandonment anxiety, likely stemming from partners' tendency to mysteriously develop "scheduling conflicts" after playing with him.</p>

<p>Most troubling is patient's apparent regression despite continued exposure to high-level competition. Rankings have deteriorated from BD U19 #94 to #113, while his singles ranking has plummeted to #190—a trajectory that defies both physics and common sense. His appearance at the 2025 YONEX U.S. JUNIOR NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS resulted in a combined 1W-7L record across events, yet patient recalls this as "gaining valuable experience." Recommend immediate intervention before he convinces himself that losing is actually a sophisticated strategy for lulling opponents into false confidence.</p>

<p>Patient demonstrates classic symptoms of chronic tournament optimism disorder, continuing to register for prestigious events despite consistent first-round eliminations. His recent 0W-2L showing at YONEX ARENA SOCAL ORC was preceded by confident predictions of "breakthrough performance." Prognosis remains guarded, though his unwavering commitment to showing up suggests either admirable determination or concerning inability to process feedback. Suggest exploring whether his true calling might involve spectating rather than participating in competitive badminton.</p>