<p>After extensive excavation of the badminton courts of North America, our team has uncovered compelling evidence of an ancient civilization known as "Jason Luo, circa 2024-2026." Initial carbon dating suggests this specimen emerged around 2013, though the quality of artifacts discovered indicates a much more primitive era. Our dig site, spanning nine tournament locations from the Northeast to the South, reveals a fascinating pattern of rapid decline and consistent mediocrity that has baffled our research team.</p>

<p>The most significant archaeological discovery was a series of scorecards buried beneath layers of disappointment, revealing a civilization that achieved an astounding 16-29 record—a win percentage so low it defies the laws of statistical probability. Particularly intriguing is the "Great Southern Expedition of 2025," where three consecutive losses at the YONEX SOUTH ORC suggest our subject may have been the first person to discover that badminton requires actually hitting the shuttle. The preservation of these artifacts is remarkable, likely due to the complete absence of any celebratory champagne that might have damaged the evidence.</p>

<p>Perhaps most telling are the partnership scrolls found scattered throughout the site, revealing a complex social structure centered around one "Shirin Shaik" (5 matches) and suspiciously, "Matthew Luo" (3 matches). Our linguists believe "Matthew Luo" may be a family member pressed into service, possibly through ancient practices known as "guilt" and "Mom said you have to." The frequency of partner rotation suggests either a highly sophisticated trading system or the badminton equivalent of being passed around like a cursed artifact.</p>

<p>The crown jewel of our excavation remains the 2025 U.S. Junior National Championships site, where a devastating 2-6 record was preserved in pristine condition. This appears to be where our subject's civilization reached its cultural zenith—managing to lose six times on the sport's biggest stage while maintaining rankings that hover around #72-#285, numbers so consistently mediocre they must have been calculated by ancient mathematicians with a sense of humor.</p>

<p>Our final analysis suggests that while the Jason Luo civilization showed remarkable persistence, appearing at tournaments across multiple seasons, it never quite mastered the fundamental concept of winning more than losing. However, we remain optimistic about future excavations, as this appears to be a living archaeological site that continues to produce fresh material for study. Carbon dating of recent tournament entries shows this civilization is still actively creating history—one loss at a time.</p>